chore: scope types (#133)
MetaMask/smart-accounts-kit: packages/smart-accounts-kit/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - **Breaking** Replace scope type strings with ScopeType enum ([#133](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-accounts-kit/pull/133))

Reviewer: This isn't breaking anymore
```suggestion
- Allow scope type to be specified either as `ScopeType` enum, or string literal ([#133](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-accounts-kit/pull/133))
```
